docs: update how commitments are generated (#919)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: x/payment/spec/docs.md

### How the commitments are generated

1. Split the message into shares of `appconsts.ShareSize`
1. Arrange the shares into a Merkle mountain range where each tree in the mountain range has a maximum size of `squareSize`

> 1. Take the roots of the trees in the Merkle mountain range and create a new Merkle tree. The message share commitment is the Markle root of this Merkle tree.

Author: [typo]

```suggestion
1. Take the roots of the trees in the Merkle mountain range and create a new Merkle tree. The message share commitment is the Merkle root of this Merkle tree.
```

> 1. Arrange the shares into a Merkle mountain range where each tree in the mountain range has a maximum size of `squareSize`
> 1. Take the roots of the trees in the Merkle mountain range and create a new Merkle tree. The message share commitment is the Merkle root of this Merkle tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Arrange the shares into a Merkle mountain range where each tree in the mountain range has a maximum size of `squareSize`
3. Take the roots of the trees in the Merkle mountain range and create a new Merkle tree. The message share commitment is the Merkle root of this Merkle tree.
```

Author: FWIW in Markdown it is possible to create an ordered list by prefixing each item with `1.`. This approach can be easier to maintain because one doesn't need to manually modify numbers when re-arranging items in the list. I'm not strongly opinionated on either style but just wanted to share what it looks like in rendered markdown with `1.` prefixes:

## Screenshot

<img width="965" alt="Screen Shot 2022-10-26 at 3 27 06 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3699047/198038196-35674b0d-0ad2-48a1-b6ed-662a733b4967.png">

Reviewer: Aaah, didn't know about this. I'm fine with any
